ethant: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
ethant: I feel like I've been like, I don't know if it's tired or depressed or what. And I've been
ethant: Sort of spinning my wheels at work. So I'm like running up on this big deadline that's happening on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: I'm and I'm late, or I'm I feel like I'm behind and I'm sort of scrambling to get all this work done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, probably a little overworked. Are you taking breaks, like you're supposed to and eating lunch like you're supposed to do and eating dinner or breakfast, like you're supposed to
ethant: Yeah, I think I'm taking pretty good care of myself. So it just occurred to me when I was thinking about meeting with you. I was like, maybe I'm overmedicated
ethant: I don't really. I never looked into it, but I'm
ethant: Like, I don't know about the dosing of the the Suboxone and I don't know, so maybe I'm on a perfectly appropriate.
ethant: Those and this isn't related at all. But I don't know. Just this week, I kind of slumped into this again, I've been journaling, a year and kind of seeing my journal. I just kind of
ethant: Burned out and started getting depressed about this and that and
ethant: And I started
ethant: I work every day but i i
ethant: Haven't been real focused at work. And so I'm kind of I've had this big deadline looming.
ethant: And I kind of thought. This week I was just going to work consistently enough throughout the week that it wouldn't really be a big deal. But I don't know. It's like, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday have gone by, and I've gotten very little done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so
ethant: Yeah i don't know i like i worked over the weekend to
ethant: Me, I actually did make a little progress over the weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you just tired or
ethant: Tired. And I feel like I'm
ethant: procrastinating, a little bit, but I can't tell if it's you know it's
ethant: It's like, is it specific. Is it just that I'm tired or is it because I'm depressed or it's just sort of a
ethant: Whole
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any other issues, besides being tired, but you've noticed
ethant: Um, no. So I was complaining, like the or I was bringing up the, the, I was having like the sex drive problems that seems to be getting a little bit better.
ethant: My appetites pretty normal actually just this week. I started using the bathroom. It's been like a pretty regular week for constipation. It's all that other stuff is like actually getting more stable.
ethant: And then I actually last week. Um, I had a big anxiety week so I actually took the anxiety medication like
ethant: Three times in a week, which is kind of, that's a lot for me.
ethant: This week I haven't taken any but I'm
ethant: But I'm kind of experiencing this
ethant: Like I'm I feel D motivated and tired all the time. And so if there's a lot of things going on. It's like, as you know, like my jobs wrapping up and the sky that
ethant: I've had on my team for three or four years now is leaving on Friday. And so I have to start doing all of his work and there's a lot of. There's a lot of like emotions about the whole thing right everything from lots of different perspectives like
ethant: Money feelings are kind of heard that.
ethant: Like Connor is so good that he even though he's on my team he kind of built up this reputation is the guy that can like do anything which is that used to be me kind of right now, but I kind of like
ethant: It partially it's he's very talented, but it was partially because I mentored him and I like put them in that position.
ethant: But I keep I'm very studious I keep track of everything that he does. And so it's just it hurts my feelings, a little bit that everybody feels like when he leaves like nobody can do all this stuff that and I'm like, I can you know I built all this stuff. What do you guys worrying about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
ethant: But it, you know. And some of that comes back to like I've had been really flake, you know, because of I was hiding, you know, getting high for like three or four months there. I was like, really flaky and unavailable and Connor is really consistent. So
Um,
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're sleeping. Okay.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: I have trouble. I've always it's been a lifelong thing where I have trouble falling asleep early
ethant: So,
ethant: Recently I sleep pretty well i'd like fall asleep and I sleep. Okay, but I tend to not go to sleep until one in the morning and then I have all these meetings that are kind of on the early side like
ethant: starting as early as like 730 or eight. So I get. I get to call in from home, which is nice, but so I tend to not get like a full eight hours of sleep. I get six hours or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That might be a part of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it might be catching up to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
ethant: Yeah, I, I certainly noticed on the weekends, when I don't have a reason to get up early in the morning I sleep until, like, two o'clock.
ethant: Or not every day, but it's often not unusual for me to sleep like to feel like I have a lot of sleep to catch up on the weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But and the weekends. What time are you going to bed.
ethant: Pretty much the same like
ethant: Usually kind of wind down and get in bed at like 11 or 1130 and then either watch TV or read or something and I just always ends up being 1230 or one before. And really actually going to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I could be a part of it. You could be coming down with something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's Blues going around colds going around sign is cold going around, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
ethant: Yeah, that's another thing that I've been a little panic about is the whole
ethant: Code 19 like we've been
ethant: Trying to clean the apartment like so that it's a little bit more
ethant: Like for the first time ever, like oh my god that door knobs are so grows in our apartment like we never even thought about clean so that takes a little bit of my
ethant: Thinking, or my attention every day.
ethant: And then like my things are very sweet with my wife, but at the same time she's, she's going through this thing where she's like super and absorbed in this video game.
ethant: So she has kind of a, I can tell it's sort of like an addictive thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
ethant: She does it to escape, and she just disappears. You know, into this thing for like
ethant: for hours and hours and hours, and most of you know a lot of the time that she's at home. And so I feel like I'm kind of losing her off into that world. And so
ethant: So that was one topic that I know like I journaled about
ethant: And then, yeah, there's like the various reasons to be emotional in that work like
ethant: It's getting hard and at the same time I'm about to leave. And I kind of don't want to leave. And I kind of do want to leave and I've got this
ethant: Potential next job that I started talking to these guys who I'd really like to work for. And then I realized like, shoot. Maybe I started that conversation too early because I don't know when I can get out of my obligations at my current place and
ethant: One thing that is cool is like I looked up today, I sort of have this golden handcuffs thing where like they there that I have to stick around because
ethant: They're trying that.
ethant: I have a retention package, basically. So I can't leave before the company or I could, but I'd be giving up a lot of money. And today I found out, it's even more money than I thought it was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that made you feel good.
ethant: Yeah. Well, yeah. So I was like, whoa, that's so that maybe i and then I realized like, oh, maybe that's why they're not worrying that I'm going to leave because I've kind of my feelings get hurt, but they're not
ethant: I've sent them on several my you know my superior several emails about like extending my contract and all this stuff and it's just like nothing's happening. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Response
ethant: Yeah, so I interpret that is like
ethant: They definitely don't want to extend me they maybe even want to let me go early they have that option. That's why I started talking to the
ethant: This other company.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't go in and have a face to face conversation with you see
ethant: My boss is in Berlin. Oh.
FaceTime
ethant: Yeah, I
ethant: I used to meet with him more regularly and I haven't been I think part of it is that he
ethant: Like I talked to these other people that aren't my boss. They're more like my peers and I've brought up these issues, sort of, you know, I don't know what's going on with my contract and
ethant: They all say, oh, been so busy ventures too busy to like deal with it right now, but he'll get it back to you and maybe that's true, maybe
ethant: It doesn't quite make sense to me. But maybe he's just so busy and he just doesn't have time to like figure out if He probably thinks of it like three months away so like no big deal. Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're kind of like walking on eggshells, not knowing when it's gonna happen.
ethant: A little bit, yeah.
ethant: Right. So there's all that uncertainty. Like, am I definitely here for three more months and my hair for longer am I going to be out the door sooner and
ethant: Lots of like sensitivity around that stuff.
ethant: Yeah, even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any food from the other day.
ethant: I forget how much did I tell you about all about them. I forget.
ethant: Yeah, yeah. So they I emailed with them. And they're like, they sent me this really nice email back where I told them, like I don't have my resume ready. I'm not really sure we're going to be free from
ethant: This current job but um let me find out more, as soon as I can. And I'll you know I'll get back to you soon. And they sort of replied, and they. It's sort of like poking the bear, or whatever. It's like once you get the process started. And they want to make it happen as soon as possible.
ethant: You know,
ethant: So the CEO said you don't even need a resume, just come and meet the team and we want you to start as soon as possible, and you can have any title you want and all this, like so.
ethant: So obviously I don't know if it's just these doing everything you can do like make me comfortable and make you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me. Make it happen. But
ethant: So yeah, like there's definitely things that I can feel good about there. But then there's also a little stressful because
ethant: I don't want to
ethant: Put them in a situation where I'm like, leveraging one job, you know, till I get more money out of the other or anything like that. I just want to set things up. So my current gig gets what they want and they're happy, and I can leave. And then I can you know have a job to go to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense in a perfect very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bad, you know, and this is just my suggestion that you, you know, ask for a FaceTime meeting with your current boss and really kind of nail down you know what's going to happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And ask him direct questions, you know, and get the information and the clarity that you need so that you're not walking on eggshells anymore and we have the information
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And and you can. I mean, I would just be completely honest with them. Honestly, you know, and let them know you know you you do have an opportunity, but this is what you want would rather see, you know, but if that's not a possibility, you know, yeah, I'm just asking, you know,
ethant: Yeah, I think, yeah, you're right. I should do that. I think I kind of got frustrated because I sent several emails to him, where I was very enthusiastic about the this because it sounded like it was kind of going to happen for a while and then suddenly became like
ethant: This you know black hole where I wasn't getting any answers about anything.
ethant: And I used to. So first it was my boss and then he stopped responding to emails and then I used to talk about it. Pretty much every time I talked to my peers and then they sort of stopped like we all collectively just sort of stopped bringing it up and it's like weeks are going by.
ethant: And
ethant: So, and I've, I feel weird.
ethant: And I don't know, maybe I'm proud or something like that. It's like, I don't want. They don't want to
ethant: Do that.
ethant: I don't want to force them to do they know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's a little passage because you're talking about your life you're talking about your career, you're talking about your future and what is to come back and you know if you're not your own advocate, who's going to advocate for you.
ethant: Yes.
ethant: So I should just send a message to Ben and say, like,
ethant: You know I'm honestly I'm interpreting, you know, the, the lack of communication recently that we're probably not going to do this.
ethant: Which is ok but i i'm and I'll tell them I have other opportunities and I really need some clarity about or I need to talk to you about what the realistic like timeline. If
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: there's anything wrong with that. I mean, I feel like that when companies do that to their employees. It's not fair to them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because they go in every day, wondering if it's their last day there or, you know, what's it going to look like they have no idea. You know, and it's kind of a stretch makes work 10 times more stressful than it needs to be, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that would be my suggestion that you just have a conversation or trying to have a conversation with them. Yep.
ethant: Yeah, and I think that's, that's a good idea.
ethant: That's definitely one thing I couldn't do.
ethant: I gotta get
ethant: Past this like procrastination and like whatever is going on with me.
ethant: I just, I got to the point where, like, I have to basically work every hour from now till Friday to get this done. So I spent like even in the minutes when I was, I was like, setting up our call tonight. I was like starting to sort of
Get into it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you got to rest and you have to eat dinner and make sure that you're, you know, honing in on that piece, too, because without that, you know, you will be tired all the time, you won't feel good, your headaches.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't know. So you really gotta pay attention, all those things to it could just be the stress of your work because last week you want depressed.
ethant: Yeah, I think I felt good last week. That's my memory of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And are you on a depression medicine.
ethant: So I take a really small dose of Prozac. It's such a small dose that it's like
ethant: Out of the range that the doctors thing has any effect. But in my experience, it does have a little. It helps me a little bit, so
ethant: I always have the option of increasing that which, over the years, I've taken it for many, many years. And over the years. Occasionally I'll get kind of depressed and I try, increasing the dose and then there's that causes me to either be even sleepier or, you know,
ethant: Have other side effects or whatever. So then I invariably I end up go in
ethant: Yeah, back on this low dose that I'm on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been going to the gym and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting some exercise.
ethant: No. So I that I've even thought about it, to be perfectly honest.
ethant: I know I talked about that in our last year and it hasn't even occurred to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you getting any saying
ethant: Yeah, I get out a little bit like
ethant: I've been working from home and like going for walks. At noon to get groceries or a sandwich or something like last night, I walked up to my sister's place and had dinner up there with the family. So I get out. Maybe I could stand out a little more, but
I get out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I you know you're married or being in group on Monday. So if you're still feeling, you know, the way that you're feeling right now. I definitely have a conversation with her about it and see if it could be your doses and increase. So, you know, it shouldn't be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that doesn't make any sense. You know why all of a sudden, you would have a slump like this if it was the medication related anything new added in.
ethant: No. Well, so this is my I'm just looking one to this is my I'm in the middle of my fourth week and I think we increased my dose and my second week, so in another way. Another possibility is my, my whole system is just still adjusting to the
To the medication. Right.
ethant: I mean, I just like I was saying I just sort of got my sex drive. It's not exactly normal, but it's like seems like it's getting normal and my appetite and my digestion and all that stuff is just just recently kind of seems to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Normal. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what kind of are you eating healthy
ethant: Or you think are you pretty well I'm
ethant: I tend to have sort of high starch dinners or like protein and
ethant: Bread. But I like, I don't know, often make salads, for myself, but because I like, I don't know, I always have a smoothie in the morning and then I'll have like a sandwich for lunch and then
ethant: Steak or wouldn't be whatever is in the fridge for dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That shouldn't be it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to dissect what it might be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I just kind of think that it's stress.
ethant: I think it's a combination like
ethant: Now that I'm saying all these things out loud. It's a combination of situational
ethant: Where I'm kind of on what you said, I'm on eggshells with is one thing, but that's just one out of 2015 you know 10 things I have going on between that and my wife and my sobriety and my
ethant: You know this job and the next job in this project and Connor, leaving
ethant: The code virus and Paul, you know, the election. And there's a lot of stuff. This is happening this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's going to be really important that you take time try to take time to get to the gym know even just for a little bit, that definitely boost your energy and
ethant: I have this thing called the seven minute workout, which is like
ethant: Pretty hard. Actually, I mean it's
ethant: It's the I'm sure someone is in shaping do more in seven minutes, but it's like this thing and then some health writer at the New York Times designed. It's like a whole body workout with no no equipment in seven minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice. No.
ethant: I'm
ethant: Which I that and it's easy, and I could just do it at home. So at least I could try that tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what I would do and make sure that you you know are getting enough rest and that you're drinking enough water, and that you're putting you know some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Semi healthy food in your system. Yep. You know, just in case if you are getting ready to come down with something that you know will help fight it out, you know,
ethant: He's like, it's interesting that you think I'm coming down with something as I'm so worried about the virus that's going around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I know that there's other things besides that I know that there's sinus stuff that's going around, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you just gotta pay attention to what your body says, you know, yes. You know that
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And kind of like, pay attention to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your Depression level over the next couple days until you see Mary and see if you can average it or not, see if it's if it's consistently low or if it fluctuate up and down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But then you can kind of get a better idea on what's going on.
ethant: Yeah, I'll write about it more carefully in my journal, um,
ethant: Yeah, it's funny, like this procrastination thing like yesterday I
ethant: Got up and I did all my like the morning is always totally hectic because it's the end of the day in Germany, where the most there's all bunch of people
ethant: Working it's I always wake up in the minute that I wake up, there's like 50 things to catch up on. And there's calls and more in meeting in the morning and everything. So, and then there's stand ups that are for the San Francisco team and
ethant: So I kind of get through all that and then I
ethant: Do some other stuff. And then it's lunchtime and then
ethant: The last couple days. It's like I get through all that and then the work kind of stopped or that all the other the meeting and everything stopped and I'm like home. It's nice and hot at home and I get sleepy. So I'm like, oh, I'm tired. Now, yesterday I just got in bed and slept.
ethant: In the middle of the afternoon slept for three hours.
ethant: Which felt great. But then I felt guilty and I didn't get anything done. And, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, again, you know, you gotta listen to what your body's telling you, you know, if you can get little cat naps in between, you know, I don't think that there's anything wrong with that right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, no.
ethant: Yeah, as long as I make the deadline.
ethant: I think ever but everybody's kind of giving me a pass on lots of other things that I kind of supposed to be doing, because they know that I have this big deadline.
ethant: But then if I don't make
ethant: Make this deadline. They're like, they're gonna be like, What have you been doing like
You know, getting this at least
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got it. Yeah, probably. I hope so.
ethant: Just today and tomorrow. And that's all that I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you got to work after you get done with me and then go to bed at a decent time get up in the morning and start again.
ethant: Pretty much you
ethant: Don't have to be at the office because like for the next two days. I actually have to go in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well make sure that while you're going through this and you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Under pressure that you're taking good care of yourself. And again, pay attention to, you know what your depressions doing if it's fluctuating or if it's, you know, study, you know, or if it goes away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just pay attention to it and make sure that you're, you know, eating good. And you're sleeping well you know
ethant: Yes. Yeah, I'll do my best.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So from now until the next time I see you the next time that I see you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to have that information logged. Right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. And I'm glad everything else is starting to get better and normalize. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good definitely a good sign. Your body's getting used to what you're on. You're starting to work with it, instead of against it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so that's important.
ethant: Yeah, like for example I used to have a runny nose, like all day every day. And that just went away.
ethant: Like I still do blow my nose. Occasionally, but it's not like it was bad. This is this idea that that was the symptom that because Mary took one look at me on my second appointment with her and she's like, okay, we're increasing the diversity.
ethant: I think it was because I was like
blowing my nose Bolton.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's definitely a sign of detox.
ethant: Perspective to that like I have a lot of things to feel good about
ethant: Like I have to the one job that's going to pay me all this money and the potential for my next job. It's like, these aren't things that should make me feel bad, necessarily, but just the lens that I look at it right now. It's like it's just all stress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is right now and it does kind of level out but anybody that's in your situation that you are in right now would be stressed out, it would definitely play a factor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's the unknown. Not sure if anything, and in this area and then the pressure from this other company that once you right now. You know, so that's kind of a big deal. Yeah, it really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, I get that.
ethant: But it's like a luxury problem in the way
ethant: Of luxury problems right word, but it's like I've had worse problems for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is. It's definitely a luxury problem, but it still can be majorly stressful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely in any kind of change when we get in a routine and get into this whole
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: System of how we do things any kind of change can really add stress and anxiety, you know, just can. So, and then, you know, not getting a response.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that would that would put me put me on edge to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so I get
ethant: Pretty clear like I understand what the business is
ethant: Thinking. It's like the whole point of buying our company.
ethant: And moving into Germany was they want to save money by employing people in Germany who make less money than people do in San Francisco.
ethant: This is exactly from a boardroom level. This is exactly what they don't want to do is, it was pay people these high rates in San Francisco, right. Mm hmm. So I totally, like, I understand that from a business perspective.
ethant: However, it looks like a train wreck and slow motion because I know for a fact that if I left next week or in two weeks. The whole company would the wheels come off and they don't know what they're doing.
ethant: And so that
ethant: There.
ethant: It's not my problem. I guess but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there's also this point where Connor, the one that you train is getting ready to leave. And so once he's out of the picture, and you're doing what you do best and they see. Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we're not just left hanging and we do have, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do have even he is the one that you know what i mean i think that they'll be they'll become more appreciative to to your position and where you're at, to and glad that you're there, you know what I mean, I think that that plays a factor of it to that you're, you're kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe a little hurt.
Right and
ethant: I think you're probably right. And then also, I always have to keep remembering like when I'm insulted that they're not like jumping through hoops to hire me like I was so flake. I was like a mess. I was working in a blackout for two months, basically. So, yeah.
ethant: And that was, like, you know, not very long ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
ethant: So I don't. It's not exactly doesn't make sense for me to
ethant: Expect them to like
ethant: To just be like, oh, even healthy now everything's you know they don't even know, normal for me because they've only known me for a year and I've been like slowly getting worse and worse and worse throughout that year, to be honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they're gonna be able to see that here before long after, Congressman.
Yep.
ethant: Yeah, then I'll have you like, not that I'm not complaining. But if
ethant: If they did give me an amazing offer
ethant: Then I would have to
ethant: Decide between them and like taking it, or I could pressure them to go. If I came. If I went to them and said I really want to take this job, they would probably go along with it. You know what I mean.
ethant: Even though I think they'd be shooting themselves in the foot because they don't know what they're doing, but whatever. That's their decision to make.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to kind of give them the information and
ethant: Well, I have to decide what I want is what I realized like, if I'm not clear.
If I'm just totally flexible.
ethant: Okay, I don't know. I'll stay if you guys want me or I have this job. I can go to it, you know.
ethant: So it might be
ethant: It might be better if I knew what I was shooting for like Connor I'm sad to see him. We've but he kind of looked at the situation that we're in an agent just decided that his best path was to get a new job as soon as possible.
ethant: And because he was the first one to do it or he was early on, then.
ethant: It was scary. But like, at least. There's still other people around you know so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: So he gets still even then I'm but so I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know how they're gonna react. I have to talk to the boss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sure that that's a stressful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thought to
ethant: Talking to the boss.
Yeah.
ethant: He's like he could, he calls himself an open book and he is pretty transparent.
ethant: He's not like scheming behind the scenes or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Too much
ethant: But the other thing is like I've told his like number two operations person that I have this other this potential either job. You know what I mean. So that message was very clear to her. And so they didn't scramble behind the scenes to, like, make sure that I stay
ethant: You know if he wanted to make if she if
ethant: She's the one that
ethant: Probably if anybody should panic if I was going to leave sooner rather than later to be the one that should do it. And so she didn't really do it.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think you should just have a conversation with your boss, get some clarity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have that hard conversation, get it over with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that way you know what direction you know at least don't know what direction that company's going you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll help you determine whether or not what direction you're going.
ethant: Yep. Alright, so I'll try to send an email to my boss like tonight.
ethant: Or maybe I might put it off until this this week what I should do, though, because I left the other company hanging. So I'll respond to them. And I'll say, like, I really appreciate all your guys interest and I'm very interested, as you know, but I
ethant: But I still have to, I need to get more clarity for my boss, etc, etc. So
ethant: I'll just try to put them like hold them up for a week. If I can wait for a week. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we can wait a week.
ethant: Or I don't know maybe
ethant: They might have the perfect candidate other candidate for the because they only have a handful of physicians, the ways that the CEO is talking. He was like, we're gonna make a position for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it seems like they want you in no matter what. So I don't think that they would have a problem, waiting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Long as you're communicating with them, you know,
ethant: Yeah. The other thing is, we haven't talked about like salary, so maybe like I'm making really good money. I think in my current place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That they
ethant: Are trying to pay me way more than they think I could get in any other place so that I won't leave well
ethant: In these months. These last month's that I'm there. So I'm not even expecting that I'll make this exactly the same amount, but um
ethant: But I do have like a
ethant: A sort of high expectation. I think for this other company. So we'll see how that goes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe ask that you know the new company. You know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What the jobs gonna pay
ethant: Yeah, it might be a little premature like you normally you do a little bit of or, you know, I guess maybe in the job description. They give you a range.
So yeah, some some point on the early side, I should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bring it up. Yeah, it's vital information on whether or not you want a job. Yeah.
ethant: I
ethant: Have a feeling like they raised money this year. And so they probably have plenty of money in the bank and
ethant: So I think, and they're in, they do security stuff. And so I think good security people tend to make pretty good money.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so this week, you're gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continue on self care monitor your depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take a look at whether it's stress related or is a is the side effects of the most medicine leveling out so that you can discuss it with Mary on Monday. Yeah.
ethant: Okay. Oh, and I'm so I'm not going to see you on Monday. Remember, I'm gonna have a
ethant: You know, it's really likely that I could just show up at 15 or 20 minutes into the group.
ethant: So if I'm 20 minutes late, should I join or should I just not doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um no I say join and I'll yeah I'll let
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mary know that you're going to be late. But you're going to be in, um,
ethant: I have this appointment, which normally is pretty quick. And it's like,
ethant: Um, let me see. So the group starts at four, but I think my appointment. Is it, like, three. So if I like rush back to the apartment. I can probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Joined it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you can't, if you can't, then come to the seven o'clock.
ethant: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mary will be at that one too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a smaller group, but you can definitely come in, you know, and, and have a conversation with Mary and engage in that in that group for that night.
ethant: That sounds great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so. Don't stress out about getting back if you, you know, are finding yourself a little bit later. Just come in at the seven o'clock, so be, you know, at the virtual clinic at 645 or something and tell them that you're there for the seven o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Group with me and Mary
ethant: Jane alternate. This was this one today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. Okay, that sounds great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I'm going to get you off here so that you can get to work.
Okay.
Thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have a great weekend and I will see you either at four o'clock or seven o'clock or by Monday through. Sounds good.
ethant: Thanks for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye.